Question 1
How can you zoom to a specific area of data in an Excel spreadsheet?
Use the 100% button
Use the Zoom button
Use the Zoom to Selection button
Use the Freeze Frames option
Correct
The Zoom to Selection button allows you to automatically adjust the zoom level to fit the selected range of cells, making it easier to view specific data.


2.
Question 2
What do you use the AutoFill feature for?
Move or copy data between spreadsheets
Automatically fill cells with data in a sequential series or pattern
Paste data in a cell with the same column width settings
Drag selected data to another place
Correct
AutoFill is used to fill cells automatically for you when the data is identified to be in a sequential series or pattern.


3.
Question 3
What character do you type first when you want to start writing a formula?
Plus sign '+'
Division sign '/'
Equal sign '='
Percentage sign '%'
Correct
You type the '=' character first when you want to start writing a formula.


4.
Question 4
What is one of the functions found in the AutoSum drop-down list?
Accounting
Number
Count Numbers
General
Correct
Count Numbers is one of the functions found in the AutoSum drop-down list, The other options are Sum, Average, Max, and Min.


5.
Question 5
In Excel Desktop, what is one of the function categories on the Formulas tab in the Function Library group?
Functional
Analytical
Lookup & Reference
Medical
Correct
Lookup & Reference is one of the function categories on the Formulas tab in the Function Library group.


6.
Question 6
How do you make a cell reference absolute in a formula?
Put a percentage sign (%) behind the column or row identifiers in the formula
Put a dollar sign ($) in front of the column and/or row identifiers in the formula
Put a plus sign (+) between the column and row identifiers in the formula
Put an asterisk (*) in front of the column or behind the row identifiers in the formula
Correct
Putting a dollar sign ($) in front of the column and/or row identifiers is how you make a cell reference absolute in a formula.


7.
Question 7
Formula errors in Excel are preceded by a hash symbol (#). What does it mean when multiple hash symbols exist in a cell?
Column isn't wide enough or it contains negative date or time values
Formula contains multiple errors
Formula contains unrecognized text
Formula is missing a cell reference
Correct
When you see multiple hash symbols in a cell, it means that either the column isn't wide enough to display the full data or it contains negative date or time values.
